README.md, before:

# LeetCode-Questions
Collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interview! - Created using [LeetHub](https://github.com/QasimWani/LeetHub)

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [1656-count-good-triplets](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/1656-count-good-triplets) |
| [2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower) |
| [3621-minimum-operations-to-make-array-values-equal-to-k](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/3621-minimum-operations-to-make-array-values-equal-to-k) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [3621-minimum-operations-to-make-array-values-equal-to-k](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/3621-minimum-operations-to-make-array-values-equal-to-k) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
## Enumeration
|  |
| ------- |
| [1656-count-good-triplets](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/1656-count-good-triplets) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->

Commit message:

2915-COUNT-OF-INTERESTING-SUBARRAYS Stats: Time: 64 ms (36.61%), Space: 126.6 MB (21.86%) - LeetHub

README.md, after:

# LeetCode-Questions
Collection of LeetCode questions to ace the coding interview! - Created using [LeetHub](https://github.com/QasimWani/LeetHub)

<!---LeetCode Topics Start-->
# LeetCode Topics
## Array
|  |
| ------- |
| [1656-count-good-triplets](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/1656-count-good-triplets) |
| [2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower) |
| [2915-count-of-interesting-subarrays](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/2915-count-of-interesting-subarrays) |
| [3621-minimum-operations-to-make-array-values-equal-to-k](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/3621-minimum-operations-to-make-array-values-equal-to-k) |
## Hash Table
|  |
| ------- |
| [2915-count-of-interesting-subarrays](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/2915-count-of-interesting-subarrays) |
| [3621-minimum-operations-to-make-array-values-equal-to-k](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/3621-minimum-operations-to-make-array-values-equal-to-k) |
## Dynamic Programming
|  |
| ------- |
| [2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/2262-solving-questions-with-brainpower) |
## Linked List
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
## Math
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
## Recursion
|  |
| ------- |
| [0002-add-two-numbers](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/0002-add-two-numbers) |
## Enumeration
|  |
| ------- |
| [1656-count-good-triplets](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/1656-count-good-triplets) |
## Prefix Sum
|  |
| ------- |
| [2915-count-of-interesting-subarrays](https://github.com/0xp0tato/LeetCode-Questions/tree/master/2915-count-of-interesting-subarrays) |
<!---LeetCode Topics End-->
